graphLink and tableLink template functions (#41369)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/unified-alerting/alerting-rules/alert-annotation-label.md

| toUpper            | string                                              | string                 | strings.ToUpper, converts all characters to upper case.                                                                                     |
| toLower            | string                                              | string                 | strings.ToLower, converts all characters to lower case.                                                                                     |
| match              | pattern, text                                       | boolean                | regexp.MatchString Tests for a unanchored regexp match.                                                                                     |
| reReplaceAll       | pattern, replacement, text                          | string                 | Regexp.ReplaceAllString Regexp substitution, unanchored.                                                                                    |

> | graphLink          | string - JSON Object with `"expr"` and `"datasource"` fields | string                 | Returns path to graph view in the [Explore](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/explore/) page for the given expression and datasource. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| graphLink          | string - JSON Object with `"expr"` and `"datasource"` fields | string                 | Returns the path to graphical view in [Explore](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/explore/) for the given expression and data source. |
```

> | graphLink          | expr                       | JSON string with `"expr"` and `"datasource"` fields | Returns path to graph view in the [Explore](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/explore/) page for the given expression and datasource. |

Reviewer 2: "JSON String ..." I wonder if that is what it actually returns. According to the code, it returns a relative URI to Explore page

Author: I got those mixed up, that should go in the "argument" column 🤦

> | tableLink          | JSON string with `"expr"` and `"datasource"` fields | string                 | Returns path to table view in the [Explore](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/explore/) page for the given expression and datasource. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| tableLink          | string- JSON Object with `"expr"` and `"datasource"` fields | string                 | Returns path to table view in the [Explore](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/explore/) page for the given expression and datasource. |
```

> | tableLink          | string- JSON Object with `"expr"` and `"datasource"` fields | string                 | Returns path to table view in the [Explore](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/explore/) page for the given expression and datasource. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tableLink          | string- JSON Object with `"expr"` and `"datasource"` fields | string                 | Returns the path to tabular view in [Explore](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/explore/) for the given expression and data source. |
```
